(DOCS-3828) Adding event recommended tags (#14727)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/events/guides/recommended_event_tags.md

---

> title: Recommend Tagging Practices for Events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Best Practices For Tagging Events
```

kind: documentation

> description: Recommended event tags and how to add them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about recommended event tags and how to add them.
```

> aliases:
>     - /developers/taggingevents/

Reviewer: This is a new file, unless this URL has been indexed, this alias does not work.
 
```suggestion
```

further_reading:
- link: "/getting_started/tagging/assigning_tags"
  tag: "Documentation"

>   text: "Assigning Tags"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  text: "Learn about assigning tags"
```

---

> It is recommended that all events should have the below tags to help you:
> - Identify potential issues faster
> - Locate other related events
> - Filter to more accurately e.g to a particular environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview

Datadog recommends tagging all events with attributes for the following benefits:

- Identify potential issues faster
- Locate related events
- Filter more accurately, for example, to a particular environment
```

> If using the [API][1], they can be added within the tags param or to learn more about to how add them to certain integrations, check out [assigning_tags][2]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the [API][1], you can add tags within the `tags` parameter. For more information about adding tags with integrations, see [Assigning Tags][2].
```

> ### Recommended Default Attributes (Type: all)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Recommended attributes

These default attributes are available for all integration types.
```

> | **Attribute** | **Notes**                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Attribute | Description                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | env          | The environment in which the event is from e.g production, edge, staging. <br>Enables you to ensure that events from a lower environment are not confused to be of a higher priority |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| env          | The environment in which the event is from, such as production, edge, or staging. <br>This enables you to ensure that events from a lower environment are not confused as high priority. |
```

> | service      | The name of the service                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| service      | The service name.                                                                                                                                                              |
```

> | host         | The host name that either the service, pod, cluster, etc is running on                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| host         | The host name that the service, pod, or cluster is running on.                                                                                                               |
```

> | team         | The team which owns the event, so that they can be later notified if need be                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| team         | The team that owns the event so they can be notified if need be.                                                                                                         |
```

> | version      | The build, service, etc version so that you know that an outage for instance is only related to a particular version released                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| version      | The build or service version. This allows you to identify, for example, if an outage is related to a particular release version.                                                        |
```

> ### Type: Alert
> 
> The current supported alerts integrations, are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Alert attributes

This attribute is available for the following alerts integrations:
```

- [Amazon CloudWatch Alarms][3]
- [Nagios][4]
- [New Relic][5]
- [Prometheus AlertManager][6]
- [Sentry][7]
- [SolarWinds Orion][8]
- [Splunk][9]
- [Sumo Logic][10]
- [Webhooks][11]
- [Zabbix][12]

> For all alerts it recommended at minimum to use the above standard attributes and for the above integrations they will automatically have an aggregation_key added to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Datadog recommends using the recommended attributes at a minimum for all alerts. The alerts integrations automatically have an `aggregation_key`. 
```

> | **Attribute**    | **Notes**                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Attribute    | Description                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

|-----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | aggregation_key | All events coming from an alerts integration will have this attribute in order to deduplicate them. It can be found under the event attributes tab in the events explorer. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| aggregation_key | All events coming from an alerts integration have this attribute to de-duplicate them. This appears on the **Event Attributes** tab when you click on an attribute in the [Events Explorer][13]. |
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Further Reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

```

[1]: /api/latest/events/#post-an-event

> [2]: /getting_started/tagging/assigning_tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[2]: /getting_started/tagging/assigning_tags/?tab=integrations
```

[3]: /integrations/amazon_web_services
[4]: /integrations/nagios
[5]: /integrations/new_relic
[6]: /integrations/prometheus
[7]: /integrations/sentry
[8]: /integrations/solarwinds
[9]: /integrations/splunk
[10]: /integrations/sumo_logic
[11]: /integrations/webhooks

> [12]: /integrations/zabbix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[12]: /integrations/zabbix
[13]: /events/explorer/#attributes-tab
```
